How come?
Didn't you say he was fake?
Is this really deep?
Ah, no way.
Xu Shaode, the facts are already in front of you
Hurry up and die
Young Master Xu
I could have looked on your father's face
Let you live
Don't hold you accountable for making a fuss about the sealing ceremony
But you don't listen to persuasion and you're still stubborn
That's self-defeating
Die first
It's not that you are stunned for what?
Hurry up and publish his impersonation of the Lord God
Did Young Master Xu make a mistake?
I'm not mistaken.
kid
Don't think you've pulled out a fake Jinghong sword
You can do whatever you want
As long as I'm here
Don't be arrogant, you fake
Then do you want to try it for real or fake?